README updated with proposed changes (#31056)
gradle/gradle: README.md

<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 30px;" >
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="images/gradle-sea-green-white-primary.png" width="500px">
    <img alt="Gradle Logo" src="images/gradle-black-primary.png" width="400px">
  </picture>
</div>

<div align="center" style="margin-top: 20px;">

> [![Revved up by Develocity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Revved%20up%20by-Develocity-06A0CE?logo=Gradle&labelColor=02303A)](https://ge.gradle.org/scans) [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898) [![Join the Gradle Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20Community-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=slack)](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) [![Gradle Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-Gradle%20User%20Guide-blueviolet?style=flat&logo=read-the-docs)](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) 

Reviewer: Please do not use single-line entries.
Also, ReadTheDocs logo is not applicable as we do not use that service

Author: Okay, then we are left with logos that are been currently used. 
I have turned the labels to multi-line entries.
```
[![Revved up by Develocity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Revved%20up%20by-Develocity-06A0CE?logo=Gradle&labelColor=02303A)](https://ge.gradle.org/scans) <br>
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898) <br>
[![Join the Gradle Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20Community-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=slack)](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) <br>
[![Gradle Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-Gradle%20User%20Guide-blueviolet?style=flat&logo=read-the-docs)](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) 
```

- **Continuous Integration**: Effortlessly integrate Gradle with popular CI tools like **Jenkins**, **GitHub Actions**, **GitLab CI**, **CircleCI**, and others to streamline your build and deployment pipelines.

---

### 🎓 **Learning Resources for Gradle**

Kickstart your Gradle knowledge with courses, guides, and community support tailored to various experience levels:

- **[DPE University Free Courses](https://dpeuniversity.gradle.com/app/catalog)**: A collection of hands-on courses for learning Gradle, complete with project-based tasks to improve real-world skills.
- **Gradle in Hacktoberfest**: Make impactful contributions to Gradle during Hacktoberfest! Contribute issues or pull requests, and mark them with `#hacktoberfest` to participate. [Fill this form](https://forms.gle/go2VESj7kDG1QUqV7) if you've made substantial contributions to get recognition!

> - **[Declarative Gradle](https://declarative.gradle.org)**: Dive into the declarative Gradle approach for improved automation workflows. [Getting Started Guide](https://declarative.gradle.org/docs/getting-started) offers initial steps.

Reviewer: Those resources may not be helpful here. I would rather put Gradle Cookbook or other locations in "Learn Gradle" from https://community.gradle.org/resources/

Author: Replacing them with Gradle Community Resource and Gradle Coobook.

- **[Gradle Community Resources](https://community.gradle.org/resources/)**: Discover a range of resources, tutorials, and guides to support your Gradle journey, from foundational concepts to advanced practices.
- **[Gradle Cookbook](https://cookbook.gradle.org/preface/)**: Access a practical collection of Gradle recipes and best practices to help you work efficiently with Gradle in various scenarios.

- **Newsletter**: Subscribe to the [Gradle Newsletter](https://newsletter.gradle.org) for news, tutorials, and community highlights.

> **Quick Tip**: New contributors to Gradle projects are encouraged to ask questions and share tips in the Slack `#docs` and `#github-integrations` channels.

---

### 📂 **Gradle Project Repositories**

Gradle’s ecosystem is built on a robust collection of repositories, each dedicated to different aspects of the project. Here are some key repositories to explore:

| Repository                                              | Description                                        |
|---------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [gradle/gradle](https://github.com/gradle/gradle)       | Core Gradle build tool                             |
| [gradle/cookbook](https://github.com/gradle/cookbook)   | Gradle recipes and example build scripts           |
| [gradle/community](https://github.com/gradle/community) | Community-driven resources and discussions         |
| [gradleup/gradleup.github.io](https://github.com/GradleUp/gradleup.github.io) | Documentation and community resources |

> ---

Reviewer: This is not an extensive lost and the choices are not, hmm, ... expected

Author: Can you please clarify what changes are required ?
I guess you are asking to add more repositories ?

### 🌱 **Contributing to Gradle**

> Gradle welcomes contributors of all experience levels! Whether you're fixing bugs, writing documentation, or implementing new features, there's a place for you in the Gradle community.

Reviewer: It is a good CTA, but I am not sure whether you want to emphasize the core repo there. See https://community.gradle.org/contributing/ which needs to be referenced

Author: The link has been added.
Gradle welcomes contributors of all experience levels! Whether you're fixing bugs, writing documentation, or implementing new features, there's a place for you in the [Gradle community](https://community.gradle.org/contributing/).

> - **Contribution Guide**: Follow the [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about our processes and best practices.

Reviewer: Should be a relative link if you want to use it

- **Code of Conduct**: Gradle enforces a [Code of Conduct](https://gradle.org/conduct/) to ensure a welcoming and supportive community for all contributors.

---

### 🔗 **Additional Resources**

To make the most out of Gradle, take advantage of these additional resources:

- **[Gradle Documentation](https://docs.gradle.org/)** - Your go-to guide for all Gradle-related documentation.

> - **[Training and Tutorials](https://gradle.org/training/)** - Explore tutorials designed to get you started quickly.

Reviewer: This link is replaced by DPE university

Author: > This link is replaced by DPE university

[DPE University](https://dpeuniversity.gradle.com/app/catalog)** - Explore tutorials designed to get you started quickly.

<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 30px;" >
  <picture>

>     <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="images/gradle-dark-green-primary.png" width="700px">

Reviewer: Why did you invert it?

Author: Oh! Sorry for overlooking that.

    <img alt="Gradle Logo" src="images/gradle-white-primary.png" width="600px">
  </picture>
</div>

<div align="center" style="margin-top: 20px;">

[![Revved up by Develocity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Revved%20up%20by-Develocity-06A0CE?logo=Gradle&labelColor=02303A)](https://ge.gradle.org/scans) <br>
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898) <br>
[![Join the Gradle Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20Community-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=slack)](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) <br>

> [![Gradle Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-Gradle%20User%20Guide-blueviolet?style=flat&logo=read-the-docs)](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) 

Reviewer: I get this render in the dark mode 
![Screenshot 2024-10-29 at 19 41 05](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f52d6f9f-c1da-44e7-9047-4c5acfea60a0)

Line breaks between labels are not helpful, and the logo

Author: Okay! I have removed those line breaks.

---

### 🚀 **Getting Started with Gradle**

Starting with Gradle is easy with these essential resources. Follow these to install Gradle, set up initial projects, and explore supported platforms:

- **[Installing Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/installation.html)**
- **Build Projects for Popular Languages and Frameworks**:
  - [Java Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_java_applications.html)
  - [Android Apps](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/index.html)
  - [Groovy Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_groovy_applications.html)
  - [Kotlin Libraries](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_kotlin_libraries.html)
  - [Scala Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_scala_applications.html)
  - [C++ Libraries](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_cpp_libraries.html)
  - [Swift Apps](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_swift_applications.html)

> 📘 Explore Gradle’s full array of resources through the [Gradle Documentation](https://docs.gradle.org/).

> ---
> 
> ### 🛠 **Seamless IDE & CI Integration**
> 
> Gradle is designed to work seamlessly with a variety of Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) and Continuous Integration (CI) systems, providing first-class support to keep your workflow smooth:
> 
> - **Supported IDEs**: [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/index.html), [Eclipse](https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseGradle/article.html), [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/gradle.html), [NetBeans](https://netbeans.apache.org), and [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/java).
> - **Continuous Integration**: Effortlessly integrate Gradle with popular CI tools like **Jenkins**, **GitHub Actions**, **GitLab CI**, **CircleCI**, and others to streamline your build and deployment pipelines.

Reviewer: This section does not fit the top-level content, as written. Also the links are obsolete, see the new ones on gradle.org

```suggestion
```

Author: Okay I'm updating the content to match it's structure to the rest of the content... Also updating the links

Author: ```
### 🛠 **Seamless IDE & CI Integration**

Gradle is built to work smoothly with a variety of Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) and Continuous Integration (CI) systems, providing extensive support for a streamlined workflow:

-   **Supported IDEs**: Quickly integrate Gradle with [Android Studio](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_ides.html), [IntelliJ IDEA](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_ides.html), [Eclipse](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_ides.html), [NetBeans](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_ides.html), and [Visual Studio Code](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_ides.html).
-   **Continuous Integration**: Gradle easily connects with popular CI tools, including Jenkins, [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/actions), [GitLab CI](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/), [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), and more, to streamline build and deployment pipelines.
```
Check this if it's correct.
And the dedicated guide for Continuous Integration is not available currently.

---

### 🎓 **Learning Resources for Gradle**

Kickstart your Gradle knowledge with courses, guides, and community support tailored to various experience levels:

- **[DPE University Free Courses](https://dpeuniversity.gradle.com/app/catalog)**: A collection of hands-on courses for learning Gradle, complete with project-based tasks to improve real-world skills.
- **[Gradle Community Resources](https://community.gradle.org/resources/)**: Discover a range of resources, tutorials, and guides to support your Gradle journey, from foundational concepts to advanced practices.
- **[Gradle Cookbook](https://cookbook.gradle.org/preface/)**: Access a practical collection of Gradle recipes and best practices to help you work efficiently with Gradle in various scenarios.

> > 💬 Join our **#docs** channel on the [Gradle Community Slack](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) to share insights or ask questions as you learn.

Reviewer: Not relevant in this context

Author: ```suggestion
> 💬 Join our **#docs** channel on the [Gradle Community Slack](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) to share insights or ask questions as you learn.
```
Okay I have removed this

---

### 💬 **Community Support & Resources**

The Gradle community offers a range of forums, documentation, and direct help to guide you through every step of your Gradle journey:

- **Documentation**: The [Gradle User Manual](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) covers everything from basics to advanced configurations.
- **Community Forum**: Engage with others on the [Gradle Forum](https://discuss.gradle.org/) for discussions, tips, and best practices.
- **Community Slack**: [Join our Slack Channel](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) for real-time discussions, with specialized channels like `#github-integrations` for integration topics.
- **Newsletter**: Subscribe to the [Gradle Newsletter](https://newsletter.gradle.org) for news, tutorials, and community highlights.

> > **Quick Tip**: New contributors to Gradle projects are encouraged to ask questions and share tips in the Slack `#docs` and `#github-integrations` channels.

Reviewer: This is wrong guidelines as written. Not sure what is the intent.
There is `#community-support` for questions, but no tips sharing channel

Author: Modified to :
```suggestion
> **Quick Tip**: New contributors to Gradle projects are encouraged to ask questions in the Slack `#community-support` channel.
```

---

### 🌱 **Contributing to Gradle**

Gradle welcomes contributors of all experience levels! Whether you're fixing bugs, writing documentation, or implementing new features, there's a place for you in the [Gradle community](https://community.gradle.org/contributing/).

> - **Contribution Guide**: Follow the [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: The link text was not updated

Author: This (`CONTRIBUTING.md`) is the link Contributing guide **Gradle's main repo**. 
Do you want me to replace it with the `CONTRIBUTING.md` of **Gradle's community repo** ?

Author: For now I am making a commit with the changes leaving this unresolved... As I get a comment back I'll be resolving it. 
And then I hope we are good to go.

Author: @oleg-nenashev Made some  updates to Contribution Section. Hope now it aligns the structure you were asking for.

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="images/gradle-white-primary.png" width="700px">
    <img alt="Gradle Logo" src="images/gradle-dark-green-primary.png" width="600px">
  </picture>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://ge.gradle.org/scans">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Revved%20up%20by-Develocity-06A0CE?logo=Gradle&labelColor=02303A" alt="Revved up by Develocity">
  </a>
  <a href="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898">
    <img src="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4898/badge" alt="CII Best Practices">
  </a>
  <a href="https://gradle.org/slack-invite">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20Community-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=slack" alt="Join the Gradle Community Slack">
  </a>
  <a href="https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-Gradle%20User%20Guide-blueviolet?style=flat&logo=read-the-docs" alt="Gradle Documentation">
  </a>
</div>

> ## 🐘 **Welcome to Gradle** 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 🐘 **Gradle Build Tool** 
```

**[Gradle](https://gradle.org/)** is a highly scalable build automation tool designed to handle everything from large, multi-project enterprise builds to quick development tasks across various languages. Gradle’s modular, performance-oriented architecture seamlessly integrates with development environments, making it a go-to solution for building, testing, and deploying applications on **Java**, **Kotlin**, **Scala**, **Android**, **Groovy**, **C++**, and **Swift**.

> For a comprehensive overview, please visit the [official Gradle project homepage](https://gradle.org).

---

> ### 🚀 **Getting Started with Gradle**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 🚀 **Getting Started**
```

Starting with Gradle is easy with these essential resources. Follow these to install Gradle, set up initial projects, and explore supported platforms:

- **[Installing Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/installation.html)**

> - **Build Projects for Popular Languages and Frameworks**:

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason for removing some of these? Why Swift Apps but not Swift Libraries?

Author: Now I have incorporated all of these.
```
- **Build Projects for Popular Languages and Frameworks**:
  - [Java Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_java_applications.html)
  - [Java Modules](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_java_modules_multi_project.html)
  - [Android Apps](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/index.html)
  - [Groovy Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_groovy_applications.html)
  - [Kotlin Libraries](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_kotlin_libraries.html)
  - [Scala Applications](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_scala_applications.html)
  - [Spring Boot Web Apps](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_spring_boot_web_applications.html)
  - [C++ Libraries](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_cpp_libraries.html)
  - [Swift Apps](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_swift_applications.html)
  - [Swift Libraries](https://docs.gradle.org/current/samples/sample_building_swift_libraries.html)
  ```

---

### 🎓 **Learning Resources for Gradle**

Kickstart your Gradle knowledge with courses, guides, and community support tailored to various experience levels:

- **[DPE University Free Courses](https://dpeuniversity.gradle.com/app/catalog)**: A collection of hands-on courses for learning Gradle, complete with project-based tasks to improve real-world skills.
- **[Gradle Community Resources](https://community.gradle.org/resources/)**: Discover a range of resources, tutorials, and guides to support your Gradle journey, from foundational concepts to advanced practices.
- **[Gradle Cookbook](https://cookbook.gradle.org/preface/)**: Access a practical collection of Gradle recipes and best practices to help you work efficiently with Gradle in various scenarios.

---

### 💬 **Community Support & Resources**

The Gradle community offers a range of forums, documentation, and direct help to guide you through every step of your Gradle journey:

> - **Documentation**: The [Gradle User Manual](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) covers everything from basics to advanced configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Documentation**: The [Gradle User Manual](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html) covers everything from basic to advanced configurations.
```

- **Community Forum**: Engage with others on the [Gradle Forum](https://discuss.gradle.org/) for discussions, tips, and best practices.
- **Community Slack**: [Join our Slack Channel](https://gradle.org/slack-invite) for real-time discussions, with specialized channels like `#github-integrations` for integration topics.
- **Newsletter**: Subscribe to the [Gradle Newsletter](https://newsletter.gradle.org) for news, tutorials, and community highlights.

> **Quick Tip**: New contributors to Gradle projects are encouraged to ask questions in the Slack `#community-support` channel.

---

### 🌱 **Contributing to Gradle**

> - **Contribution Guide**: If you're looking to contribute to Gradle or provide a patch/pull request, you can find more info [here](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Contribution Guide**: [Contribute](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to Gradle by submitting patches or pull requests for code or documentation improvements.
```

- **Code of Conduct**: Gradle enforces a [Code of Conduct](https://gradle.org/conduct/) to ensure a welcoming and supportive community for all contributors.

---

### 🔗 **Additional Resources**

To make the most out of Gradle, take advantage of these additional resources:

- **[Gradle Documentation](https://docs.gradle.org/)** - Your go-to guide for all Gradle-related documentation.
- **[DPE University](https://dpeuniversity.gradle.com/app/catalog)** - Explore tutorials designed to get you started quickly.
- **[Community Resources](https://gradle.org/resources/)** - Find more community-contributed materials to expand your knowledge.

> 🌟 **Stay connected with the Gradle Community and access the latest news, training, and updates via [Slack](https://gradle.org/slack-invite), [Forum](https://discuss.gradle.org/), and our [Newsletter](https://newsletter.gradle.org)**.

> <br><br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br><br>
```
